Updating worker flags gym. (#289)
spatialos/UnrealGDKTestGyms: USER_MANUAL.md

* Tests a fix for UNR-1259: Fix of the WorkerFlags data structure not being per worker. When running through Unreal Editor using single process, different worker types can read other worker type's flags. As a result flags of different worker types with the same name get the wrong value.
* Demonstrates that ClientWorkers and UnrealWorker read the correct value for the "test" worker flag, when both types have a "test" flag with different value.
* Validation:

>   1. Navigate to: Project Settings->SpatialOS GDK for Unreal->Editor Settings->Launch.

Reviewer: make this list:
1.
1.
1.

It will render as 

1.
2.
3.

this makes editing easier.

>   1. Navigate to: Project Settings->SpatialOS GDK for Unreal->Editor Settings->Launch.

Reviewer: As the first step, tell me what map to open.

  2. Ensure "Auto-generate launch configuration file" is disabled.

>   3. Set "Launch configuration file path" to "workerflags_testgym_config.json" (the file exists within the test gyms project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Set "Launch configuration file path" to `workerflags_testgym_config.json` (the file exists within the test gyms project).
```

  4. Navigate to: Editor Preferences->Level Editor->Play->Multiplayer Options.
  5. Ensure "Run Under One Process" is enabled.

>   6. Play in editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  6. Play in editor with one client.
```

>   7. Check that the server prints out the corresponding flag value (15 by default).

Reviewer: 1. Where do I check this, in the Output log window?
2. Corresponding to what?
3. Is the default value stored in `workerflags_testgym_config.json`?

>   8. Check that the client prints out the corresponding flag value (5 by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  8. Check that the same flag value (5 by default) is printed in the client viewport.
```
